# Annabelle's Peer Critique
## What are some aspects of the project that you like, and why?
I think the problem you are addressing is clear and well-framed. This feels like a real gap in the market and I like the framing of how it can be addressed through the features of Panko. I think the user journey is very intuitive and all of the features relate closely and clearly to the problem at hand. I like the clear hierarchy of recipes -> snapshots, especially the ability to set a "default" snapshot for each recipe.

## What are some aspects of the project that you wish were different in some way?
I am a bit uncertain about the recipe book organization and interface. First, I am unclear on whether recipes can appear in multiple books. If not, I think this is a valuable potential feature to include (i.e. same mashed potato recipe goes in Thanksgiving recipe book as Christmas recipe book). Beyond that, I also worry about how to format the recipe page layout, especially when there are many snapshots, in a way that is not overwhelming to the user. I also think the point mentioned by one of the students during project pitch is very salient: snapshots may branch off of various other snapshots. Having a visual representation of this tree and perhaps allowing users to select their node of interest would maybe ease some of the overwhelm of a list of all the snapshots.

## What are some aspects you are wondering about; perhaps some suggestions for a simplification, a different approach, or whatever?
One lingering question I have is about the journey of creating a new spapshot. You mentioned that, on the calendar, you can schedule to make a certain snapshot. I imagine that sometimes, a user would start cooking a recipe only to realize they need/want to make a modification. From how you've framed the problem, it seems as though Panko is meant to serve, at least in part, as a while-cooking journal for changes. I suppose I am just curious as to what this interface would look like and would encourage a lot of consideration going into making it as low friction as possible as this seems like the most unique and valuable feature of the app. 
